# V2.1

## Breaking Changes

These changes may require you to update your rooms.

* AILookAtNode
  * Now only connects to AI, Combatant, CreationObject, PatrolPoint, Player and Vector3 types.
  * It used to connect to anything but it doesn't work with any types besides these.
* InvalidPlayerVariableNode no longer uses the variable mesh.
  * The invalid player isn't a variable.
* LocalPlayerVariableNode no longer uses the variable mesh.
  * The local player isn't a variable.
* EqualsNode now works correctly in all cases.
* IsValidNode now returns correct result in all cases. Nodes now need special logic to work with invalid objects.
  * Many nodes which previously tried to work with invalid objects now return errors. Some of these used to null ref.
* Unset player variables now correspond to invalid players.
* All variables now have names to help distinguish them
  * Unnamed variables will be updated to named ones.
  * Names are automatically generated when variables are placed or can be set manually.
  * Variables with the same name will always refer to the same value (they change together)
  * Variables with different names will always refer to different values (one may change without impacting the others)

## Deprecations

Deprecated content will be removed in the next update

* `Invalid Player`
    * Replaced with empty player variables
* `Creation Object Add Tags`
    * Replaced with a version with the same name that works better with lists
* `Creation Object to AI Path Point`
    * Replaced with `From Creation Object`
* `Creation Object to AI`
    * Replaced with `From Creation Object`

## General Changes

* Network heat has been tripled to 1 KB/s
* Control panels follow their objects correctly in more cases
* The prompt player node now allows body text
* Boolean logic nodes allow ports to be added
* Float comparisons now work
* Functions on Control panels and Circuit Boards now have padding between their ports
* Control panels now have a special built-in self port
* Control panels with no ports except self now have a condensed mesh
* A clever workaround for making inventions in beta rooms has been blocked

## New Nodes

* `Acos`
* `Asin`
* `Atan`
* `Atan2`
* `Ceil`
* `Cos`
* `Creation Object Add Tags`
* `Creation Object Has Tags`
* `Creation Object Remove Tags`
* `Floor`
* `From Creation Object`
* `Instance List<string>`
* `Log`
* `Round`
* `Set Element`
* `Sin`
* `Tan`
* `To Creation Object`

## New Objects

We added these objects with this update. Look for nodes prefixed with their names in the palette!

* `Button V2`
* `Trigger Volume V2`
* `Toggle Button V2`

## Canny Issues

* Trigonometric functions have been added
  * https://recroom.canny.io/creative-tools/p/trigonometric-function-implementation-with-circuits-v2
* Button V2, Toggle Button V2, and Trigger Volume V2 have been added
  * https://recroom.canny.io/creative-tools/p/circuits-v2-inputs-like-buttons-and-trigger-zones
* Users can now change text on buttons with Circuits
  * https://recroom.canny.io/creative-tools/p/the-ability-to-change-the-text-on-a-button
* Users can now remove tags with circuits
  * https://recroom.canny.io/creative-tools/p/object-remove-tag
* You can now get tags with cirucits
  * https://recroom.canny.io/admin/board/creative-tools/p/object-get-tags-node
* Trigger zones return lists of objects and players
  * https://recroom.canny.io/admin/board/creative-tools/p/list-of-playersobjects-inside-trigger-zone-output

## Links

**[<- Back to Releases](./)**
