# V2.7

## General Changes

* Large circuit graphs are less likely to disconnect players in certain scenarios. Specifically:
    * Rooms without spawners tolerate much larger graphs.
    * Rooms without active maker pens tolerate much larger graphs.
    * Rooms with active maker pens tolerate much larger graphs, but only after save.
    * We will continue to improve the experience for large graphs but this should solve the most pressing issues.
* `Log Screen`s will now display errors which cause circuit graphs to stop running on `Log Screen`s.
* Failing to make a connection will now display an error notification.
* `Button V2`, `Toggle Button V2` and `Trigger Volume V2` now support an "Allow Juniors" configuration option.
    * If this option is checked, junior players can interact with the object, otherwise they cannot.
    * Creators should be cognizant when building creations so that they do not violate the requirements of [junior accounts](https://recroom.happyfox.com/kb/article/19-junior-accounts/).
    * Violations of these requirements may provoke action from the moderation team.
* CV2 notifications are now profanity-checked.
* Variable's (and a few other chips) will display the proper name again.
* With the Maker Pen in "Surface Snapping" mode, chips can be placed in alignment with each other.
    * We will try to figure out whether you want to place the chip above, below, before, or after the current chip depending on where you point the Maker Pen.
    * Chips will also move on a plane while dragging the Maker Pen after placing in "Surface Snapping" mode.
    * If you click on a port while placing a chip, we will try to autoconnect the port to the chip you are placing.

## New Chips

* `Substring`

## Links

**[<- Back to Releases](./)**
