# V2.10

## Breaking Changes

These changes may require you to update your rooms.

* The exec port has been removed from `Get All Players`.
* `Rand Int` chip is now inclusive.
* Some chips and objects are now automatically networked. Please note that automatic networking comes at an increased heat cost if used.
* `SFX V2` now plays for everyone by default but has an option to disable synchronization.
* Markers on `Piston V2` and `Rotator V2` also fire events for everyone by default but have an option to disable synchronization.
* `Piston V2`, `Rotator V2`, and `SFX V2` can now be played by anyone and networking will be done automatically.
* Networked operations now expend additional network heat.
* RPCs (some object chips) and synced events are now limited at 5-per frame.
  * You can find a new RPC meter in the CV2 page of the palette.
* Impulse and reset chips are now networked automatically.
* All chips with exec ports now expend additional CPU heat.
* List variables are now empty by default rather than null.
* CV2 gizmos now obey the global gizmo play toggle.

The following chips have had CPU heat raised beyond the default:
* `Button Set Text`
* `Creation Object Add Tags`
* `Creation Object Get All With Tag`
* `Creation Object Get Tags`
* `Creation Object Remove Tags`
* `Delay`
* `Event Receiver`
* `Event Sender`
* `For Each`
* `For`
* `Get All Players`
* `List Add`
* `List Concat`
* `List Insert`
* `Remove At`
* `List Remove Last`
* `Log String`
* `Make List`
* `Parse Bool`
* `Parse Float`
* `Parse Int`
* `Player Add Role`
* `Player Remove Role`
* `Prompt Local Player`
* `Reset Object`
* `Reset Room`
* `Show Notification`
* `String Format`
* `Substring`
* `Text Set Text`
* `Trigger Volume Get Filter Tags`
* `Trigger Volume Set Filter Tags`
* `Trigger Volume Get Objects`
* `Trigger Volume Get Player`
* `To String`

The following chips have had net raised heat beyond the default:

* `Creation Object Add Tags`
* `Creation Object Remove Tags`
* `Player Add Role`
* `Player Remove Role`
* `Reset Object`
* `Reset Room`
* `Random From List`

## Deprecations

Deprecated content will be removed in a future update.

The following chips have been deprecated:
* `Instance AI`
* `Instance Bool`
* `Instance Combatant`
* `Instance Creation Object`
* `Instance Float`
* `Instance Int`
* `Instance List<bool>`
* `Instance List<CreationObject>`
* `Instance List<Float>`
* `Instance List<Int>`
* `Instance List<Player>`
* `Instance List<String>`
* `Instance List<Vector3>`
* `Instance Player`
* `Instance String`
* `Instance Vector3`
* `Synced AI`
* `Synced Bool`
* `Synced Combatant`
* `Synced CreationObject`
* `Synced Float`
* `Synced Int`
* `Synced Player`
* `Synced String`
* `Synced Vector3`
* `Set Value`
* `Value Changed`

## General Changes

* The multiple `In` and `Out` chips inside of other chips have been changed into single `In` and `Out` busses.
* Recently used chips will now sort closer to the top of palette search.
* Most events in objects now run for everyone. Filter chips have been added after the events to try to pick a best player to run for.
* Type name billboarding has been improved on both VR and screens.
  * The billboards are a more suitable size for screens.
  * The billboards no longer rotate with your head or move around as much while moving your head in VR.
* All CV2 objects can now be found in a new CV2 Gadgets filter in the palette.
* `Creation Object` is now `Rec Room Object`.

## New Chips

* `If Local Player Should Run`

## Bugs Fixed

* Log string channel configurations now sync correctly
* Some exceptions are fixed on the CV2 palette page
* Some exceptions are fixed with the `Player Get Equipped Objects` chip
* `Player Reference Board`s are no longer be left behind in rooms when players leave
* `Toggle Button V2` has correct Pressed and Released data for all players.
* Ports on the `Delay` chip have been arranged into the correct order.
* `Control Panel`s can now be deleted if their objects are also being deleted.
* `Dice Get Result` now returns a `bool`.
* `Piston V2`, `Rotator V2`, `Emitter V2` and `Spawner V2` now have the correct default tags.
* Chip previews now always have the correct name
* Some edge cases encountered when undoing deletion or addition of chips have been fixed
  * Chips no longer accidentally end up inside/outside of other chips during undo
  * Undoing deletion/addition of objects with control panels is more stable
* Event definitions no longer disappear sometimes when inside of circuit boards or control panels
* `Get Forward Vector`, `Get Up Vector` and `Get Velocity` chips all work correctly.
* Log string messages are now purified for junior players.
* The insides of object boards are now neat and snapped to grids.

## Links

**[<- Back to Releases](./)**
