# V2.11

## Breaking Changes

These changes may require you to update your rooms.

* A new chip limit has been added. At this point only 1000 chips may be added to a room.
  * We will be increasing this limit after release.
  * Eventually, we hope to remove it entirely.
  * See [https://discord.com/channels/193073071802941451/245702086988136448/831976672483344426](this Discord message) for more information.
* Room Reset now executes on all players.
* Room Reset no longer happens after game end.
* On Reset now fires inside of `Object Board`s on room load.
* `Play Marker for All` has been removed from `Piston V2` and `Rotator V2`.
  * Creators may sync these with event senders if they wish.

## General Changes

* Circuits V2 now works in non-beta rooms
  * This includes using it in inventions.
* `Synced Event Sender` is gone. You will find a toggle to set target in `Event Sender`.
  * Existing `Synced Event Sender`s will be automatically upgraded with the correct targets.
* `Trigger Zone V2` now updates at 60FPS.
* "Play for All" in `SFX` has been renamed to "Synced".
* The RPC and Net meters have been combined in the Circuits V2 page of the palette.
  * There is additional data in the text of the bar to differentiate between the two.
* A Chips meter has been added in the Circuits V2 page of the palette.
* The visuals for many objects have been updated:
  * `Emitter V2`
  * `Piston V2`
  * `Point Light V2`
  * `Rotator V2`
  * `SFX V2`
  * `Spot Light V2`
  * `Vector Gadget`

## Bugs Fixed

* Broken `Object Board`s, `Circuit Board`s, `Player Board`s, and broken objects with `Object Board`s will no longer be saved into rooms.
* Chips inside of other boards can now be cloned.
* `Vector Gadget` is now in the "CV2 Gadgets" category of the palette.
* Ports in the new port menu have been cleaned up. Every important type should now be possible. Unused ones have been removed.
* `From Rec Room Object` now works correctly with all Rec Room objects.

## Links

**[<- Back to Releases](./)**
