# V2.25

## General Changes

- A new `Color` type has been added to the game.
  - Many chips which worked with `int` color indices now work with `Color` too.
  - `int` indices will slowly be removed over the next few months (without breaking any rooms).
- To help with debugging, CV2 wires will now flash when they are used.
  - Enable and disable the different types of wire flash in Settings.
  - Execution Flash is enabled by default, while Data Flash is disabled, to keep the visual noise down.
  - Hover over an output port to see the path of wires from which its value is derived.

## New Chips

- `Color Variable` (beta)
- `List<Color> Variable` (beta)
- `Color Constant` (beta)
- `Emitter Set Color V2` (beta)
- `Light Set Color V2` (beta)
- `Text Set Color V2` (beta)
- `Player Left Hand Thumb Direction`
- `Player Right Hand Thumb Direction`
- `Spherecast` (beta)
- `Text Get Text`

## Beta Releases

- `Clear Subtitle`
- `Show Local Subtitle`
- `Costume` type
- `Ground Vehicle` type
- `Interaction Volume` type
- `Seat` type
- `Trigger Handle` type

## Bugs Fixed

- Number parsing no longer depends on culture.
  - Strings with commas or periods will be parsed the same no matter where you are playing.
- `Get Velocity` chip now reports proper velocity while objects are being held.
- Fixed an issue where equipping costumes rapidly could crash players.
- Fixed a bug where deleting chips would sometimes leave disconnected wire visuals behind.
- Fixed a bug where circuit boards would lose their ports after editing them and saving the room.

## Links

**[<- Back to Releases](./)**
