# V2.26

## General Changes

- Improvements to the `Color` type
  - `Color` ports/wires now have their own color.
  - `Color` and `List<Color>` can now be used as properties on synchronized events.
  - `Color` variables now support home values.
  - `Color` variables can now be used as cloud variables.
  - `Color` is now supported by the `To String` chip.
  - `Color` values are now displayed when hovering over ports with the Wire tool.
- Improvements to hover values
  - Hover values are now shown for input ports.
  - Multi-line strings now display correctly.
  - If the value of a port can't be computed, `error` is displayed.

## New Chips

- `Angular Velocity Set` (beta)
  - units are now `deg/s`
  - removed `Quaternion` input
  - `bool` Success output
- `Angular Velocity Add` (beta)
  - units are now `deg/s`
  - removed `Quaternion` input
  - `Max speed` is now applied to the net angular velocity after the addition is performed.
  - `bool` Success output
- `Comment` (beta)
- `Random from List`
  - The exec ports on this chip are now respected.
- `Respawn`
  - We tidied up the ports on this chip and deprecated the old one
- `Set Rotation` (beta)
  - Similar to set position
- `Set Position`
  - We tidied up the ports on this chip and deprecated the old one
- `Set Transform` (beta)
  - Combined `Set Rotation` and `Set Position`

## New Objects

- `Sampler` (beta)
- `Projectile Launcher` (beta)

## Beta Releases

- `Rec Room Object Get First With Tag`
- `Respawn`
- `Set Position`

## Deprecations

- `Angular Velocity Set`
- `Angular Velocity Add`
- `Random from List`
- `Respawn`
- `Set Position`

## Bugs Fixed

- Synchronized events in `Circuit Board`s now work correctly.
- CV2 wires no longer appear outside the comfort viewport when using 2D comfort mode (VR)
- Loops of data wires containing only chips without exec ports will now always result in an error.
  - Previously, they would sometimes (incorrectly) produce a value (until the room was reloaded)
    after moving chips around or after pointing your wire tool at their ports.
- `Event Definition` chips should now resize themselves properly to fit long property names.
- On `Event Definition` chips, the array sprite is now properly positioned
  on the port indicators for `List` properties.
- Maker Pen selection bounds now update when the size of a selected chip changes.
- The bounds of `Respawn` and `Set Position` have been increased.
- The inputs on angular velocity chips now work correctly.
  - Rooms relying on the old angular velocity chips will maintain the old behavior.
  - New chips for the new logic are now available in the palette.
- Parsing strings is now consistent in all cultures.
  - Periods should be used instead of commas.

## Links

**[<- Back to Releases](./)**
